Alterations and changes:

Hi Uri,

Thank you very much again for your careful reading of my thesis and for your helpful comments. You said that you do not need to see the changes, but I thought that I'd briefly mentioned the changes I have made. Blah blah blah...


All corrections are bold and red

1. Corrected small comments about grammar and such like that Uri mentioned
2. Moved 2D and 3D curls to the appendix (p. 86-87), comment in intro to appendix (p. 6)
3. Linear solver moved to appendix (p. 88-93) and comment added (p. 9)
4. Dominik's Lipschitz domain comment (p. 18)
5. Non-linear solver discussion (p. 20-21): I have incorporated a comment that explains why we work with Picard iterations. Briefly, Picard is energy-stable and is also easier to implement. I have added comments about the desirability of applying Newton's method, but this is left as an item for future work.
6. Uri's comment on "why python?" (p. 42) I have added some text to explain that Python's flexibility and portability, and the availability of many libraries in this platform are my reasons for using it.
7. Uri's comment on the non-linear stopping tolerance (p. 44-45) I have added a comment that explains the choice and why the stopping criterion in this part of the thesis is more stringent than the stopping criteria used in practice in the preconditioned iterations.
8. Uri's comment on lowest order elements (p. 45-46): I have added a comment that explains the choice of these elements (stability and sufficient accuracy)
9. Uri's comment on idealised problem (p. 71-72): I have added comments that acknowlege that our setting is simplified and idealised, outlining possible extension and the challenges that are associated with them.
10. High frequencies to future work: as Uri pointed out, dealing with high frequencies would be extremely challenging and may require a different discretisation. I therefore feel that it is better not to mention this as an item for future work, as it would require a strong departure from what the thesis focuses on.
